OT STAROTO - version 5.1 animation update (version 5 mathematics)

Recommended: download or clone the complete GitHub repository.
With Node 20.19+ in Node 20, or 22.12+ installed, open its root folder:
  npm ci
  npm start
Keep the terminal open and use the Local address Vite prints.
For a production server: npm run build, then npm run preview.

This smaller test ZIP runs through its supplied local server:
1. Extract the COMPLETE ZIP, including the audio folder.
2. Windows: double-click START-WINDOWS.bat with Node installed.
   Other systems: run node START.cjs in that folder.
3. Keep the terminal open and visit http://127.0.0.1:5188/.
   Close an earlier launcher if port 5188 is occupied.
No npm installation or internet access is needed for this smaller build.
The validated workflow uses HTTP, including its sound files.

BG/EN, mute, volume and music are normal player settings.
Sounds are filesystem files, without player upload controls. In the source
repository, replace WAVs under variants/ot-staroto/public/audio, or edit
src/audio-config.ts. Then rebuild. This ZIP keeps WAVs in its audio folder.
All credits are virtual euros. Browser or server-address changes may
create a separate local save. Previous settled virtual wallets can carry
into version 5; older receipt bytes are preserved separately.

The illustrated club background matches the cream/black ink characters
and symbols. Sixteen character poses, independent falling symbols and
compact controls fill the game window. LUX is a separate seated actor on
the existing right speaker; foreground gestures are not clipped by the board. Holding Space starts only one
spin per release/press. Clicking the board cannot skip paid rounds.

The 6x5 board uses all 19 line paths from the supplied Le Zeus chart.
Three to six matching symbols from the left pay each line's longest run;
overlapping winning cells clear once. Six Wilds pay one 200x line award,
before the summed active Wild multipliers. Rules display every line.

Left throws Wilds, sticky in his bonus. Middle expands his whole reel;
every bonus expansion immediately remains sticky until that bonus ends.
His character stays on the highlighted column. The last-row plate shows
the sum of its five retained Wild multipliers, even while Wilds rest.
Multiple Shooters may expand distinct reels in one spin. All expand first,
then optional follow-up shots create single-use Wilds or double Wilds.
A shot hitting an expanded reel doubles all five Wilds and its total.
Base expansions are transient and do not carry into a new bonus.
Used sticky positions rest and recharge on the next free spin.

Right reveals every marked winning cell as a value, modifier or collector,
including repeated waves. Coin values range from 0.2x to 500x. Every wave
reveals before modifiers and collection. The collector stays, other coins
clear, and a later collector absorbs the previous collector. Terminal
values pay once. God shots target actual grid symbols; MAX requires a hit.

X BET 5x CHANCE costs 3x and raises full natural bonus entry from 1/200
to 1/40 using the same conditional base and bonus outcomes. Other X Bet
entries guarantee a chosen character for a separately confirmed round.
Prices: Rusensko Vareno 95x, LUKS 150x, Raba sa obazhda 1,800x,
OT STAROTO 2,500x. Character entries 8.5x/2.7x/25x. God Spin 3,000x.
Whole-round maximum 19,999x the base stake.

Every paid mode proves 96.5% theoretical expected return at all eight
stakes, using rational weights over 53,248 complete entries and
425,984 fully evaluated stake outcomes. Web Crypto tickets select
paid outcomes; recorded entropy permits exact reload with no new debit
or random draw. Odds never adapt to balance, history or previous losses.
59 engine tests, the complete outcome replay and 200,000 fresh-Crypto
sampled rounds passed. Browser checks, source hashes and screenshot
receipts are listed in RELEASE-INFO.json and the GitHub documentation.

96.5% is a mathematical expectation; an individual session can return less.
The fixed catalogue has finite variety. This is a virtual-credit prototype
without third-party cash-game certification or private commercial maths.

Source, sound instructions, exact chart, RTP proof and current gallery:
https://github.com/stoyanov808/Test/tree/main/variants/ot-staroto
